the average Department of the tower
across 526 million dollars we have the
best views most advanced security
systems but you know these people are
really buying white neighbors us the
staff the paper are full and undivided
attention seven days a week and every
day one other thing I may have my own
private island it believes but deep down
I'm just in the story a boy like Josh
here that's right yes 10 for Hawaiians
just an hour ago the towers richest
resident was released into federal
custody under house arrest here at his
penthouse apartment several years ago he
was asked to manage all of your pensions
right now they're saying that anyone who
invested with mr. Shaw has been
defrauded did he get your money too yeah
you did if you need me I'll be living
this box all these guys keep cash close
by but we still haven't found Shaw
safety net 20 million in change are you
saying you want to arrive Arthur Shaw
it's inside a building that has the most
advanced security and is guarded by FBI
agents 24 hours a day we're not
criminals we don't know how to steal
don't worry I know someone who does I
made bail yeah
welcome you bear me out male even know
your name bill remember mrs. saltzberg
we used to get dropped off at her
apartment every morning to daycare come
on heavyset German woman short goatee
your little seizure borders have them
seizures all the time no did you would
have seizures on a regular basis all the
kids to be crying if your eyelid rolling
back in a foam and coming out with bare
skin asthma doesn't cause seizures why'd
you bear me out because I have a job Oh
little sees your boy won't try to rob
somebody huh what you're trying to steal
20 million dollars robbery can change
very quickly you got to be ready to
adapt to the situation at any moment I
got your ski hats no masks I said ski
masks what the guy said these would keep
us the warmest anything could happen I
was on the job a few days ago to my
homie got shot in the face just shot in
the head it's over if you could shout in
your head is over if you get shot in
your face the bullet will go in your
cheek then come out the other side then
what you're gonna do die I'm gonna die
young people are working stiff clock
punchers easily replace I don't care
what it takes I will find a way to make
things right
Oh
he's gone rogue
notices a bad idea right that's it I
don't weren't you talking me for the
rest of the robbery first thing you do
yeah I gotta find the entry point gotta
use your fingers and you find the entry
point yeah Mary no I in there what's up